DOC-738: Changes to spellchecker_whitelist/ignorelist option (#1822)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-notes/release-notes57.md

The following enhancements were made for the {{site.productname}} 5.7 release.

> ### The `spellchecker_ignorelist` option now accepts arrays of words per language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The `spellchecker_ignorelist` option now accepts arrays of words for specific languages
```

> ### The `spellchecker_ignore_list` option now accepts arrays of words for specific languages

Reviewer 2: Please move this note to the "Accompanying Premium Plugin changes" section. The enhancements section at the top is for core functionality and open source plugins only.

Ensure the note indicates that they are enhancements, such as:
>**Spell Checker Pro** X.Y.Z provides the following enhancements:

I'll create a separate PR to improve the boilerplate in the premium plugin section

> {{site.productname}} 5.7 introduces enhancements to the `spellchecker_ignorelist` (formerly `spellchecker_whitelist`, see: [The `spellchecker_whitelist` option has been renamed](#thespellchecker_whitelistoptionhasbeenrenamed)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.productname}} 5.7 introduces enhancements to the `spellchecker_ignorelist` (formerly `spellchecker_whitelist`. See: [The `spellchecker_whitelist` option has been renamed](#thespellchecker_whitelistoptionhasbeenrenamed)).
```

Author: @tylerkelly13 I've seen both ", see" and ". See" - which would you prefer here?

Reviewer 2: normally we use `, see` in the context of `For information on the <thing(s)>, see:`

> - It is now possible to specify arrays of words per language to be ignored by Spell Checker Pro plugin using the `spellchecker_ignorelist` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is now possible to specify arrays of words for specific languages to be ignored by Spell Checker Pro plugin using the `spellchecker_ignorelist` option.
```
? this wording feels generally awkward to me. might be best if the sentence is rearranged a bit?

Author: It reads okay to me with your changes, @tylerkelly13 any thoughts?

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {{site.productname}} 5.7.

### Spell Checker Pro 2.3.0

The {{site.productname}} 5.7 release includes an accompanying release of the **Spell Checker Pro** premium plugin.

**Spell Checker Pro** 2.3.0 provides the following enhancements:

> ### The `spellchecker_ignore_list` option now accepts arrays of words for specific languages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### The `spellchecker_ignore_list` option now accepts arrays of words for specific languages
```

**Spell Checker Pro** 2.3.0 introduces enhancements to the `spellchecker_ignore_list` (formerly `spellchecker_whitelist`, see: [The `spellchecker_whitelist` option has been renamed](#thespellchecker_whitelistoptionhasbeenrenamed)).

- It is now possible to specify arrays of words for specific languages to be ignored by Spell Checker Pro plugin using the `spellchecker_ignore_list` option.
- A new `addIgnoredWords` API allows words to be ignored at runtime by the Spell Checker Pro plugin.

For information on:

- The `spellchecker_ignore_list` option, see: [Spell Checker Pro - `spellchecker_ignore_list`]({{ site.baseurl }}/plugins/premium/tinymcespellchecker/#spellchecker_ignore_list).
- The `addIgnoredWords` API, see: [Spell Checker Pro - `API`]({{ site.baseurl }}/plugins/premium/tinymcespellchecker/#api).

> For information on the Spell Checker Pro plugin, see: [Spell Checker Pro plugin]({{site.baseurl}}/plugins/premium/tinymcespellchecker/).

Reviewer 2: can you add this to the list above? looks weird hanging down here.

Author: The list above is prefixed with "for information on" and already contains two links to the plugin, so maybe we could just remove this?

Reviewer 2: sure. go for it.
